alan/coo-1004-update-docs-auto-cookie-scanning (#20)
IdentitySquare/CookieChimp-Docs: docs/features/vendor-scanning.mdx

---
title: "Vendor Scanning"
description: "Understand how CookieChimp scans your website for vendors."
---

<img src="/images/scan/scan.png" alt="Scan page" />

We scan your website to find the vendors and storage items used on your site.

> We check what storage items were set before and after consent was granted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We detect services and storage items set before and after consent was granted.
```

> If a service runs, that are not supposed to run before consent is granted, we will flag this as `Ran before consent`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a service that's not part of a required category runs before consent is granted, we will flag this as `Ran before consent`.
```

If we detect storage items from a service that is not shown in your banner, we will flag the service as `Not shown in banner`.

If we detect storage items that are not in your banner and we cannot match to a vendor/service, we will flag these as `Not part of a category or service`.

> If everything is set up correctly then we flag the service as `All good`.

Reviewer: We can make all of these be bullet points and the status first and the description after it

> We also check if users can update their consent with our privacy trigger button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also check if users can update their preferences after their initial consent. 
```

CMS be via our privacy trigger or a custom link

Author: what does 'CMS be via our privacy trigger or a custom link' mean?

## Manual Scanning

Scans can be created from the Website Scan page.

<img src="/images/scan/scans.png" alt="Scan page" />

Accounts on free plans are limited to 1 scan per day.
Accounts on paid plans have access to 5 scans per day.

## Auto Scanning

Auto scanning can be enabled through the Vendor Scanner integration.

<img src="/images/scan/vendor-scanner.png" alt="Scan page" />

> Auto scanning can be enabled or disabled. The frequency of the scan can set to 'Weekly' or 'Monthly'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Automatic weekly scanning is only available to accounts on paid plans.

> Accounts on free plans only have access to automatic monthly scanning.

Reviewer: On free plans we only allow mannual scanning no?
